OK this is now super exciting.
We have got an ad running and we are checking every five seconds to say please put something from us
right there.
So what do we do now we got these two ads running and we want to know how long to run them for.
And you know how do we decide whether they're performing right or you know should we stop them should
we carry on should we make sure we increase our budget.
What should we do.
So this is a very important lecture because I've been titled this scale all killed.
So we're going to scale up the ad or are we going to kill it.
Now the first key thing I want you to do is to run your ad for three days or your ads depends on whether
you do on the split split testing or not running for three days.
Now why three days.
Well it actually takes the Facebook algorithm a little bit of time 24 hours 48 hours I don't know exactly
what it takes a little bit of time for it to actually start serving your ads up to the right people
at a good cause is just kind of how it works is how the algorithm works.
So you know I feel they do kind of scatter approach in the beginning.
Obviously based on the targeting you've done and then they do kind of more clever targeting within their
algorithm to actually try to identify perhaps better groups that are more likely to buy your stuff.
But that process for them takes a little while and iteration.
Don't worry about it too much but just accept the fact that you need to run it.
It need to let your ads run for three days.
Now your objective during this period is to make a profit.
Surprise surprise or at least breakeven right now that might be that might seem a bit weird at least
breakeven.
You sorry I should say the least not least.
But anyway you get the idea.
So the reason why I cannot allow my ads to actually breakeven is because I will have acquired a customer
and then later a later slide I'm going to talk about List Building the importance of a list the importance
of a customer but basically just imagine you've got that customer.
OK you haven't made any money out of them this time around but you will have the details of that customer.
You will have the e-mail address you will have the opportunity to direct e-mail them in the future to
make sales.
And trust me that is very very valuable.
You will make a profit down the road but maybe not straight away.
So for the moment just accept that basically all you're doing is to make a profit or at least to break
even.
Now the reality is that not all of your ads are going to generate sales.
OK so don't expect for one moment you might get lucky.
Very first one starts to generate sales and you've got you know an embarrassment of riches.
But basically it's it's unlikely the odds are stacked against you.
That's just how it is that's advertising whatever you do.
All right.
And maybe only one in 10 of them will actually make a sale of some sort.
OK.
So what we want to do is if after three days an ad is not performing.
We've not made a profit or we've not broken even.
We want to kill it.
We just want to stop that ad and I would suggest being brutal about it.
OK that's certainly what I do.
Some people will go down the path of saying well it didn't quite work.
Maybe we should change.
You know our target audience a bit or maybe we should change another thing on the ad the photo whatever.
Personally in my experience you can go a little bit mad with that.
What I tend to do is just say OK stop I am not doing this one anymore I'm killing it.
I will go and find another product I might show to the same audience that I had before.
But I will basically start over and I will kill it.
And by the way I'll generally leave that product on my site because what you'll find is that as you
do these products will start building building up on your site.
And although you might not sell it this time around as a direct with the direct Facebook advertising
later on down the road when you bring somebody else into your site for perhaps another product they
will see that on your site and they may well buy.
I've had many many situations where people come in to buy a product and end up buying three or four
of stuff that I was not successful in previous test runs.
Now this is the key point.
The winning ad when you get a winning ad OK that can generate the dollars.
So when you read you know not all ads will generate sales maybe one in 10 probably started thinking
you know wow I'm going to have to spend quite a lot here on advertising to get that one sale which is
you know maybe true maybe you know you can spend tens of dollars or something like that as part of this
testing process.
But when you get that winning ad Trust me that's when the fun starts because that's the one that can
generate you know hundreds sometimes thousands I don't get you over excited about this but if you get
the right ad matched up to the right audience that's going to pay for all of the rest.
Multiple times over and that is where you're going to really build your business.
So that's where we're going to actually scale the winning ad we've dropped the nonperforming once we
got rid of those and we're left with the winning ad.
Yeah.
We're going to drop everything else and we're going to scale this up so that we can really generate
some money and then the next lecture I'm going to give you some tips on exactly how to scale.